[Discover] Restore context documentation (#90784)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/context.asciidoc

[[discover-document-context]]

> == View a document in context

Author: @gchaps maybe we should relabel it to `View surrounding documents`, since that's the name in the interface?

Reviewer: View documents before and after an event?

Author: This is exactly what it's doing, but it's also new wording , and if e.h. people search for help, they will search for `View surrounding documents`, so it's more likely the will land in this doc page

Reviewer: ++

Once you've narrowed your search to a specific event,
you might want to inspect the documents that occurred

> immediately before and after the event. With the Context view,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
immediately before and after the event. 
```

> you can do just that for index patterns that contain time-based events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the surrounding documents, your  index pattern must contain time-based events.
```

> To open the Context view, click the expand icon (>) in the document table, and then click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the document table, click the expand icon (>).
```

> *View surrounding documents.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *View surrounding documents.*
```

> The documents are sorted  by the time field specified in the index pattern 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
The documents are sorted  by the time field specified in the index pattern 
```

and displayed using the same set of columns as the *Discover* view from which 
the context was opened. The anchor document is highlighted in blue.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/Discover-ContextView.png[Image showing context view feature, with anchor documents highlighted in blue]

[float]
[[filter-context]]

> === Filter the context

Reviewer: Maybe we should rewrite as steps?  I'm not sure from the writeup how to do this.

Author: will have a look here

Author: @gchaps I've added 2 images to show filters in Discover & Context, do you think this would improve this part? arrows or something in the images would make it clearer, but I'm not sure which style should be used in the case when images are decorated

<img width="914" alt="Bildschirmfoto 2021-02-22 um 19 48 13" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/463851/108756115-6525c000-7548-11eb-8527-334557d04c7c.png">

Author: Yes, you can add additional filters, maybe instead of 
```
You can re-enable these filters to refine your context view.

If the Context view contains a large number of documents not related to the event under
investigation, you can use additional filters to restrict the documents to display.
```
Something like this
```
You can re-enable these filters to refine your context view. 
Of course you can add additional filters to find the surrounding documents of interest. 
```

The filters you applied in *Discover* are carried over to the Context view. 
Pinned filters remain active, while normal filters are copied in a disabled state. 
You can re-enable these filters to refine your context view.

If the Context view contains a large number of documents not related to the event under
investigation, you can use filters to restrict the documents to display.

[float]
[[change-context-size]]
=== Change the number of surrounding documents

By default, the five newest and oldest
documents are listed. To increase the number of documents that surround the anchor document,

> click *Load*.  Five documents are added with each click.

Reviewer: Shoud we include a screenshot of where the Load button is?

Author: This was added

[float]
[[configure-context-ContextView]]
=== Configure the context view

> To configure the Context view, use these settings in <<advanced-options,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Context view, go to <<advanced-options,
```

> Advanced Settings>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced Settings>> and search for Discover.
```

[[discover-document-context]]
== View surrounding documents

Once you've narrowed your search to a specific event in *Discover*,
you can inspect the documents that occurred
immediately before and after the event.
To view the surrounding documents, your index pattern must contain time-based events.

. In the document table, click the expand icon (>).
. Click *View surrounding documents.*
+
In the context view, documents are sorted by the time field specified in the index pattern
and displayed using the same set of columns as the *Discover* view from which
the context was opened. The anchor document is highlighted in blue.
+

> [role="screenshot"]

Reviewer: I think we should change the context view to show the anchor doc in the middle, so the reader sees docs both above and below the anchor.

Author: 👍 I've changed it new file is also smaller in size but better in resolution, so it's a win
<img width="1241" alt="discover-context" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/463851/109787838-eea35500-7c0e-11eb-87d5-32d8aa62808a.png">

image::images/Discover-ContextView.png[Image showing context view feature, with anchor documents highlighted in blue]
+
The filters you applied in *Discover* are carried over to the context view.
+

> [role="screenshot"]

Reviewer: My thinking is that we only need the second image of the filters because it shows both an enabled and a disabled filter.

Author: 👍 done

immediately before and after the event. 
To view the surrounding documents, your index pattern must contain time-based events.

. In the document table, click the expand icon (>).
. Click *View surrounding documents.*

This opens the Context view of *Discover*.
The documents are sorted by the time field specified in the index pattern 
and displayed using the same set of columns as the *Discover* view from which 
the context was opened. The anchor document is highlighted in blue.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/Discover-ContextView.png[Image showing context view feature, with anchor documents highlighted in blue]

[float]
[[filter-context]]
=== Filter the context

The filters you applied in *Discover* are carried over to the Context view. 
Pinned filters remain active, while normal filters are copied in a disabled state. 
You can re-enable these filters to refine your context view.

If the Context view contains a large number of documents not related to the event under
investigation, you can use filters to restrict the documents to display.

[float]
[[change-context-size]]
=== Change the number of surrounding documents

By default, the five newest and oldest

> documents are listed. To increase the number of documents that surround the anchor document,

Author: There's no need to change the input field number, if you're fine with adding 5 documents with every click. If you want to add more with every click, you can change the number.
